8 months risk lo, oka 1 % chinnapppude chesi unte... life would have been so different. since 1 week , paatha kalalu vasthunnai.....
inka manam 30 lo unnam, u r still in same house,,,, i dont see your father/ sister any time..... only u and your mom, and some random uncles, cousins.... funny last time it was caste based fight...... One thing was common in all these types of dreams ,,,, In every dream your were silent.... u never spoke , even if some one was killig me. hanamkonda lo valleys , green chetlu chinnavi, red flowers,,,,, same undhi inni years dream lo.... i had black scooty kind of....

2 days back you asked me, "When we spoke for hours in dhaba did u also think of option 3".

Optional 3 was something much awaited,, but again u said, dhaggaraga unte prema chachipothadhi... We know we too are very different and i neer liked your life style and you never liked mine, and we didnt bother eah other.

What if option 3 was real and i dont like what u do and u dont like and we fight and some day , if there is no love.... I would rather be in different world loving you, instead of lossing it... I really enjoy the feeling on being in love... which i did till 2002. and again now. so much of joy, just thinking and some fantasies...

Manamu honesty game tharuvatha,, we are not hiding anyhting i guess..... nuvu anni cheopthunav nenu kudaa... chinna chinna vishayalu kuda.

North lo.... its month i think i didnt see her, On that day, I dragged her from bedroom when she banged the door,,,, (which i dont like. if angry just go and sit or cry but dont throw or bang things who cant give you the anger back) so I dragged her to living room, and throwed all her dresses and asked to move out . Since then she is in room, applied 3-4 leaves and I was busy with release,,,, and dont know , how many days,,, but i dont want to compromise eveytime.... atleast this time.

Chaala unnai random blah blah , last but not least today I got only 3 compliments,,,,, average count is 5. Sunday kadhaa andhuke 2 compliments thaggayi.... its ok maa lanti vallaki ivvi alavaate.....

(Chou ....... Peter Ganesh)
